All right.
Welcome back my student.
So the next step here is to sign up for mail gun.
All right.
So let's go to Melgen real quick and this shows go there and I'll show it to you real quick.
So Mittagong is this e-mail service for you.
For developers we use API Elgon we do use send s m t p and all you have to do is sign up for them.
This is free.
So you put the account name or company name here.
I can put coding faculty or I have my name.
Very easy stuff.
Just sign up for a positivity you Rangar to create an account here so that what you can see how this
is done.
Looking at a painting now you don't have to.
All right.
But like I said the first 10000 e-mails of every month is free.
This is free service guys I'm going to create an account real quick just to show you.
All right.
So now out of the box it tells you listen why don't you copy and paste this snippet below on your terminal
so that you can start sending email so you can if you have a kernel install you can start sending email
right away.
Now they have a BHB API as well.
All right so right out of the box you can put the plug in.
All right of course your use.
Let's say you use a composer.
All right.
You'll go ahead and log in to your spam bots.
Right this is the domain name that we use.
This is the key right here.
Well this is my key.
But don't worry about that don't even if you copy my key I'm going to delete it anyway so don't even
try and nothing funny with it.
Right.
So anyway let's let's go ahead.
You can argue your domain but we're not going to do that right now where you can go to your dashboard
This is your dashboard right here and you can create mailing list if you want you can have people subscribe
to it and you can send them automatic e-mails.
It's pretty cool stuff.
You upload your logs here that would tell you how many e-mails has been sent routes.
All right.
We have tracking.
You can track how many people open the liver clicks all that great stuff in there.
We've got Web hooks suppressions.
I mean you can go to the documentation and read more about it.
Well we're going to be doing is just sending e-mails All right.
That's all we're going to be doing.
We're going to plug it into our bill.
All right once we plug it in then we will use their API we use their server to send e-mail.
All right which is more secure than anything else.
All right now you're going to have your sandbox right here.
This is the domain name that you use.
I'll show you.
All right.
So we can use this a.p we can use the logon for that and the password right here.
Now we're not going to be using.
Well we're going to be using their API.
So we're going to use our domain.
All right.
Which is this all right here as well right here.
You see we use our domain we can use our API to it.
All right.
And if you go to the symbol right here it's going to take you to the front and here you get you have
UAP eyes down here as well.
And when you click show you can see your Sikri API and you can see your public API.
All right.
We're going to need this credentials to connect to their server.
So on the next lecture we're going to see how we can start sending email with how to plug this into
Laro well and a way that we can start sending e-mails OK.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture